README.md, before:

# Sliding Block Puzzle

A 3D sliding block puzzle game built with Three.js and Rapier.js physics engine.

## Features

- 3D block puzzle with grid-based movement
- Physics-based falling using Rapier.js
- Multiple arrow styles for block direction indicators
- Smooth animations and interactions
- Modern development setup with Vite

## Setup

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Competitive Stats (Local Mock Backend)

This repo includes a local mock API for testing competitive stats aggregation.

1. Start the mock backend:

```bash
npm run stats:mock
```

2. Create `.env.local` (not committed) and point the frontend at it:

```bash
VITE_STATS_API_URL=http://localhost:8787/v1
```

More details: see `TECHNICAL_SETUP.md` and `mock_backend/README.md`.

## Competitive Stats (Firebase Production Backend)

If you want a hosted backend (instead of the local mock), we support Firebase (Firestore + Cloud Functions).

Setup guide: `FIREBASE_SETUP.md`.

## Competitive Stats (Free Plan Hosted Backend)

If you want hosted stats while staying on Firebase **Spark (free)**:

- Deploy the stats API in `mock_backend/` to a free host (Render recommended)
- Store submissions in Firestore using a service account JSON (no Cloud Functions required)

Setup: see `mock_backend/README.md` and `DEPLOY.md`.

## Build

```bash
npm run build
```

## Technologies

- **Three.js** - 3D graphics rendering
- **Rapier.js** - Physics simulation
- **Vite** - Build tool and dev server

## Releases

### v7.2.1 - Mobile Zoom Padding Fix
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v7.2.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v7.2.1
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Fixed excessive side padding on mobile auto-zoom
- Reduced mobile padding from 2.0 to 1.2 and multiplier from 0.75 to 0.70

### v7.0.0 - Inferno Mode Only (Major Version)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v7.0.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v7.0.0
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- **BREAKING CHANGE**: All users migrated to Inferno mode
- Free Flow and Time Challenge modes removed
- Automatic level migration preserves highest level from any previous mode
- Mode selection UI removed - game now runs exclusively in Inferno mode

### v6.0.0 - Major Stable Version (Proportional Lock Timers) ⭐ STABLE MILESTONE
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v6.0.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v6.0.0
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- **STABLE RESTORE POINT** - Use this version as a restore point if future versions break
- Lock duration now proportional to block size: Red (1 cell) = 1/10, Teal (2 cells) = 1/5, Yellow (3 cells) = 1/3 of remaining time
- Enhanced filler visuals: rounded edges, increased emissive glow, padding improvements
- Updated lock explanation modal to show proportional system

### v5.0.3 - Floating Lock Time Display
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v5.0.3
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v5.0.3
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added floating lock time display when clicking/tapping locked blocks - shows remaining time near block, flies up and fades out
- Displays time in minutes and seconds format (e.g., "1m 30s" or "0m 45s")
- Non-disruptive animation similar to timer add/remove effects

### v5.0.2 - iOS Color Tint Visibility Fix
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v5.0.2
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v5.0.2
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Fixed missing color tint on iPhone Pro 13 - stronger tint mix for white blocks (85%), increased emissive intensity on iOS (0.25)
- Sync unlock animation with lock visual values for smooth transitions

### v5.0.1 - Lock Visual Improvements & Auto-Unlock
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v5.0.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v5.0.1
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Enhanced lock appearance with tint colors and emissive glow
- Auto-unlock all blocks when 5 or fewer blocks remain
- Added lock explanation modal on first lock

### v4.6.1 - Bug Fixes & Animation Improvements
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.6.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.6.1
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Fixed level persistence for Time Challenge mode (separate storage keys per mode)
- Fixed overlap recovery to preserve current level instead of resetting to 0
- Improved spin animation: smoother damping, slower initial oscillation, eliminated flick at transition
- Fixed edge block clickability (blocks at edge now properly fall when clicked)
- Fixed blocks stopping at n-1 edge cell (blocks now move to edge before falling)

### v4.6.0 - Time Challenge Mode
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.6.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.6.0
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added Time Challenge game mode with countdown timer
- Timer calculates initial time based on actual block lengths (1s red, 2s teal, 3s yellow)
- Time gain animations for block removals and spin cost (1/3 of remaining time)
- Time carryover between levels with residual time tracking
- Added Restart Level and New Run options in Time Up modal
- Level display next to timer with proper alignment (desktop and mobile)
- Simplified stats modal to show only Time Collected and Time Carried Over (Level)

### v4.5.13 - Extended Local-Only Stats
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.13
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.13
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Strict local-only stats mode (`VITE_STATS_MODE=local`) + self-comparison (per-level + all-level normalized)
- Tappable metric explain modals (T/M, M/B, B/S) + improved history/profile views
- Level-complete modal UX refresh (full-screen, simplified headers/actions)

### v4.5.12 - Stable Presets + Build ID (VER)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.12
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.12
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added a VER button in Settings that shows `vX.Y.Z @ <commit>` for reliable restore references
- Catapulted blocks suppress shadows only during motion (all presets), reducing motion artifacts

### v4.5.11 - Redeploy (No UI Change)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.11
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.11
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Triggered a fresh GitHub Pages deploy (no gameplay/UI changes)

### v4.5.10 - Remove Framing Control UI
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.10
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.10
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Removed camera framing control from Settings (and disabled framing gesture); camera framing uses a fixed offset now

### v4.5.9 - Softer Shadows (Less Harsh Edges/Contrast)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.9
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.9
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Softened shadow edges and reduced shadow contrast (slightly higher ambient + softer key shadow radius; perf preset also softened)

### v4.5.8 - Settings UI Polish (Quality Label Styling)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.8
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.8
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Aligned the BATT/BAL/PERF label styling with other Settings toggles (white + matching opacity)

### v4.5.7 - Fix Post-Spawn Shadow Pop on Tower Top
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.7
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.7
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Prevented late shadow-map refresh after spawn (keeps shadows warm during generation + brief settle before recentering)

### v4.5.6 - Performance Preset Shadow Quality Fix (Catapult)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.6
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.6
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Performance preset now updates shadow maps more frequently on iOS and increases shadow quality during fast catapult/fall motion

### v4.5.5 - Performance Presets (Fixed) + Restore v4.5.3 Gameplay/Visual Baseline
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.5
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.5
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Restored v4.5.3 baseline to fix tower/base alignment and bring back direction indicators
- Added Settings → Quality preset (Battery / Balanced / Performance) + one-time in-game explainer

### v4.5.4 - Performance Presets (Battery / Balanced / Performance)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.4
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.4
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added a Quality preset in Settings to trade off smoothness/sharpness vs battery
- Added a one-time in-game notice explaining the presets

### v4.5.3 - Shadow Stability (Battery Optimizations Follow-up)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.3
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.3
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Smoothed shadow updates to prevent distracting shadow popping while retaining iOS battery optimizations

### v4.5.1 - Remove Debug Button
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.1
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Removed the DEBUG UI button (diagnostics remain available only via console for development)

### v4.5.0 - Undo + Debug Movement Diagnostics + Overlap Fixes
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.0
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added Undo support (including restoring cleared blocks when possible)
- Added DEBUG toggle to record non-moving block clicks for diagnosis
- Improved Y-overlap handling (snap-to-layer + epsilon) to reduce float-drift false overlaps and prevent impossible states

### v4.4.3 - LocalStorage Progress Fix & Reset All Users
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.4.3
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.4.3
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Fixed localStorage level progress saving and loading
- Added one-time reset mechanism to start all users from level 0
- Improved error handling and verification for progress saves
- Added reset flag to prevent multiple resets
- Progress now saves on level completion and when advancing levels

### v4.4.2 - Fix Level Initialization
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.4.2
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.4.2
- Fixed hardcoded test level 40 - now properly loads saved progress
- New users start at level 0, existing users resume from their saved level

### v4.4.1 - Remove Debug Panel
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.4.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.4.1
- Removed DEBUG button from game controls
- Removed debug output from block click handler
- Cleaned up debug UI code

### v4.4.0 - Collision Detection Improvements & Gameplay Enhancements
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.4.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.4.0
- Fixed Y-overlap collision detection with epsilon tolerance for floating-point precision
- Added debug mode button for movement analysis (DEBUG button in game controls)
- Implemented vertical tower centering after block spawn
- Prioritized blocks facing outward (toward edges) for easier gameplay
- Improved block generation to prefer exit-capable blocks (70% outward-facing)
- Enhanced block sorting to prioritize blocks that can exit immediately
- Fixed false collision detections when blocks are just touching at boundaries

### v4.3.1 - Arrow Color Fix
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.3.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.3.1
- Fixed arrow colors to always use length-based colors on white blocks
- Ensured arrows remain colored (red/teal/yellow) regardless of block color setting

### v4.3.0 - Enhanced Visibility & Color Controls
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.3.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.3.0
- Increased emboss depth for arrows, dots, and circles (2x visibility)
- Added temporary color adjustment controls (brightness, hue, saturation) in debug panel
- Reverted arrow color changes to match block colors
- Enhanced bevel settings for better 3D appearance

### v2.2.0 - Crescent Icon & UI Improvements
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v2.2.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v2.2.0
- Updated moon icon to filled crescent with thick outline
- Fixed block color toggle to properly show colored vs white blocks
- Replaced dice icon with refresh/random icon
- Improved icon sizing and alignment
- Fixed Vite HMR by disabling service worker in dev mode
- Enhanced light source angle enforcement (30° minimum)

### v2.1.0 - Camera Initialization Fix
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v2.1.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v2.1.0
- Fixed camera positioning to eliminate incorrect view on initial frame
- Camera now positioned correctly before first render

### v1.1.0 - Catapult Effect (Level 1)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v1.1.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v1.1.0
- Catapult launch effect when blocks fly off the edge
- Wind-up compression animation before launch
- Upward arc trajectory with enhanced spin

### v1.0.0 - Stable Release
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v1.0.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v1.0.0

Commit message:

docs(release): add v7.2.2 release notes

README.md, after:

# Sliding Block Puzzle

A 3D sliding block puzzle game built with Three.js and Rapier.js physics engine.

## Features

- 3D block puzzle with grid-based movement
- Physics-based falling using Rapier.js
- Multiple arrow styles for block direction indicators
- Smooth animations and interactions
- Modern development setup with Vite

## Setup

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## Competitive Stats (Local Mock Backend)

This repo includes a local mock API for testing competitive stats aggregation.

1. Start the mock backend:

```bash
npm run stats:mock
```

2. Create `.env.local` (not committed) and point the frontend at it:

```bash
VITE_STATS_API_URL=http://localhost:8787/v1
```

More details: see `TECHNICAL_SETUP.md` and `mock_backend/README.md`.

## Competitive Stats (Firebase Production Backend)

If you want a hosted backend (instead of the local mock), we support Firebase (Firestore + Cloud Functions).

Setup guide: `FIREBASE_SETUP.md`.

## Competitive Stats (Free Plan Hosted Backend)

If you want hosted stats while staying on Firebase **Spark (free)**:

- Deploy the stats API in `mock_backend/` to a free host (Render recommended)
- Store submissions in Firestore using a service account JSON (no Cloud Functions required)

Setup: see `mock_backend/README.md` and `DEPLOY.md`.

## Build

```bash
npm run build
```

## Technologies

- **Three.js** - 3D graphics rendering
- **Rapier.js** - Physics simulation
- **Vite** - Build tool and dev server

## Releases

### v7.2.2 - Game Mechanics and UI Improvements
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v7.2.2
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v7.2.2
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Updated game mechanics and UI improvements
- Enhanced block interactions and particle effects

### v7.2.1 - Mobile Zoom Padding Fix
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v7.2.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v7.2.1
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Fixed excessive side padding on mobile auto-zoom
- Reduced mobile padding from 2.0 to 1.2 and multiplier from 0.75 to 0.70

### v7.0.0 - Inferno Mode Only (Major Version)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v7.0.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v7.0.0
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- **BREAKING CHANGE**: All users migrated to Inferno mode
- Free Flow and Time Challenge modes removed
- Automatic level migration preserves highest level from any previous mode
- Mode selection UI removed - game now runs exclusively in Inferno mode

### v6.0.0 - Major Stable Version (Proportional Lock Timers) ⭐ STABLE MILESTONE
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v6.0.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v6.0.0
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- **STABLE RESTORE POINT** - Use this version as a restore point if future versions break
- Lock duration now proportional to block size: Red (1 cell) = 1/10, Teal (2 cells) = 1/5, Yellow (3 cells) = 1/3 of remaining time
- Enhanced filler visuals: rounded edges, increased emissive glow, padding improvements
- Updated lock explanation modal to show proportional system

### v5.0.3 - Floating Lock Time Display
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v5.0.3
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v5.0.3
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added floating lock time display when clicking/tapping locked blocks - shows remaining time near block, flies up and fades out
- Displays time in minutes and seconds format (e.g., "1m 30s" or "0m 45s")
- Non-disruptive animation similar to timer add/remove effects

### v5.0.2 - iOS Color Tint Visibility Fix
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v5.0.2
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v5.0.2
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Fixed missing color tint on iPhone Pro 13 - stronger tint mix for white blocks (85%), increased emissive intensity on iOS (0.25)
- Sync unlock animation with lock visual values for smooth transitions

### v5.0.1 - Lock Visual Improvements & Auto-Unlock
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v5.0.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v5.0.1
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Enhanced lock appearance with tint colors and emissive glow
- Auto-unlock all blocks when 5 or fewer blocks remain
- Added lock explanation modal on first lock

### v4.6.1 - Bug Fixes & Animation Improvements
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.6.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.6.1
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Fixed level persistence for Time Challenge mode (separate storage keys per mode)
- Fixed overlap recovery to preserve current level instead of resetting to 0
- Improved spin animation: smoother damping, slower initial oscillation, eliminated flick at transition
- Fixed edge block clickability (blocks at edge now properly fall when clicked)
- Fixed blocks stopping at n-1 edge cell (blocks now move to edge before falling)

### v4.6.0 - Time Challenge Mode
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.6.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.6.0
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added Time Challenge game mode with countdown timer
- Timer calculates initial time based on actual block lengths (1s red, 2s teal, 3s yellow)
- Time gain animations for block removals and spin cost (1/3 of remaining time)
- Time carryover between levels with residual time tracking
- Added Restart Level and New Run options in Time Up modal
- Level display next to timer with proper alignment (desktop and mobile)
- Simplified stats modal to show only Time Collected and Time Carried Over (Level)

### v4.5.13 - Extended Local-Only Stats
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.13
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.13
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Strict local-only stats mode (`VITE_STATS_MODE=local`) + self-comparison (per-level + all-level normalized)
- Tappable metric explain modals (T/M, M/B, B/S) + improved history/profile views
- Level-complete modal UX refresh (full-screen, simplified headers/actions)

### v4.5.12 - Stable Presets + Build ID (VER)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.12
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.12
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added a VER button in Settings that shows `vX.Y.Z @ <commit>` for reliable restore references
- Catapulted blocks suppress shadows only during motion (all presets), reducing motion artifacts

### v4.5.11 - Redeploy (No UI Change)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.11
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.11
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Triggered a fresh GitHub Pages deploy (no gameplay/UI changes)

### v4.5.10 - Remove Framing Control UI
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.10
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.10
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Removed camera framing control from Settings (and disabled framing gesture); camera framing uses a fixed offset now

### v4.5.9 - Softer Shadows (Less Harsh Edges/Contrast)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.9
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.9
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Softened shadow edges and reduced shadow contrast (slightly higher ambient + softer key shadow radius; perf preset also softened)

### v4.5.8 - Settings UI Polish (Quality Label Styling)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.8
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.8
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Aligned the BATT/BAL/PERF label styling with other Settings toggles (white + matching opacity)

### v4.5.7 - Fix Post-Spawn Shadow Pop on Tower Top
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.7
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.7
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Prevented late shadow-map refresh after spawn (keeps shadows warm during generation + brief settle before recentering)

### v4.5.6 - Performance Preset Shadow Quality Fix (Catapult)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.6
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.6
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Performance preset now updates shadow maps more frequently on iOS and increases shadow quality during fast catapult/fall motion

### v4.5.5 - Performance Presets (Fixed) + Restore v4.5.3 Gameplay/Visual Baseline
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.5
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.5
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Restored v4.5.3 baseline to fix tower/base alignment and bring back direction indicators
- Added Settings → Quality preset (Battery / Balanced / Performance) + one-time in-game explainer

### v4.5.4 - Performance Presets (Battery / Balanced / Performance)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.4
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.4
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added a Quality preset in Settings to trade off smoothness/sharpness vs battery
- Added a one-time in-game notice explaining the presets

### v4.5.3 - Shadow Stability (Battery Optimizations Follow-up)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.3
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.3
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Smoothed shadow updates to prevent distracting shadow popping while retaining iOS battery optimizations

### v4.5.1 - Remove Debug Button
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.1
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Removed the DEBUG UI button (diagnostics remain available only via console for development)

### v4.5.0 - Undo + Debug Movement Diagnostics + Overlap Fixes
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.5.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.5.0
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Added Undo support (including restoring cleared blocks when possible)
- Added DEBUG toggle to record non-moving block clicks for diagnosis
- Improved Y-overlap handling (snap-to-layer + epsilon) to reduce float-drift false overlaps and prevent impossible states

### v4.4.3 - LocalStorage Progress Fix & Reset All Users
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.4.3
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.4.3
- **Live**: https://ozlphrt.github.io/Jarrows/
- Fixed localStorage level progress saving and loading
- Added one-time reset mechanism to start all users from level 0
- Improved error handling and verification for progress saves
- Added reset flag to prevent multiple resets
- Progress now saves on level completion and when advancing levels

### v4.4.2 - Fix Level Initialization
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.4.2
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.4.2
- Fixed hardcoded test level 40 - now properly loads saved progress
- New users start at level 0, existing users resume from their saved level

### v4.4.1 - Remove Debug Panel
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.4.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.4.1
- Removed DEBUG button from game controls
- Removed debug output from block click handler
- Cleaned up debug UI code

### v4.4.0 - Collision Detection Improvements & Gameplay Enhancements
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.4.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.4.0
- Fixed Y-overlap collision detection with epsilon tolerance for floating-point precision
- Added debug mode button for movement analysis (DEBUG button in game controls)
- Implemented vertical tower centering after block spawn
- Prioritized blocks facing outward (toward edges) for easier gameplay
- Improved block generation to prefer exit-capable blocks (70% outward-facing)
- Enhanced block sorting to prioritize blocks that can exit immediately
- Fixed false collision detections when blocks are just touching at boundaries

### v4.3.1 - Arrow Color Fix
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.3.1
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.3.1
- Fixed arrow colors to always use length-based colors on white blocks
- Ensured arrows remain colored (red/teal/yellow) regardless of block color setting

### v4.3.0 - Enhanced Visibility & Color Controls
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v4.3.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v4.3.0
- Increased emboss depth for arrows, dots, and circles (2x visibility)
- Added temporary color adjustment controls (brightness, hue, saturation) in debug panel
- Reverted arrow color changes to match block colors
- Enhanced bevel settings for better 3D appearance

### v2.2.0 - Crescent Icon & UI Improvements
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v2.2.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v2.2.0
- Updated moon icon to filled crescent with thick outline
- Fixed block color toggle to properly show colored vs white blocks
- Replaced dice icon with refresh/random icon
- Improved icon sizing and alignment
- Fixed Vite HMR by disabling service worker in dev mode
- Enhanced light source angle enforcement (30° minimum)

### v2.1.0 - Camera Initialization Fix
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v2.1.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v2.1.0
- Fixed camera positioning to eliminate incorrect view on initial frame
- Camera now positioned correctly before first render

### v1.1.0 - Catapult Effect (Level 1)
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v1.1.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v1.1.0
- Catapult launch effect when blocks fly off the edge
- Wind-up compression animation before launch
- Upward arc trajectory with enhanced spin

### v1.0.0 - Stable Release
- **Tree**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/tree/v1.0.0
- **Release**: https://github.com/ozlphrt/Jarrows/releases/tag/v1.0.0
